issue#4703 - upgraded haproxy config as per 2.6.6 (#5619)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/system-administration/reverse-proxy-configuration-haproxy.adoc

   timeout server 60s

frontend http-in
  log stdout format raw local0 debug #for additional logging
  bind *:80
  mode http
  acl prefixed-with-jenkins  path_beg /jenkins
  http-request redirect code 301 prefix /jenkins unless prefixed-with-jenkins #Use http-request redirect prefix to add /jenkins prefix to the URL's location to ensure jenkins base url is working properly.
  use_backend jenkins if prefixed-with-jenkins

backend jenkins
  log stdout format raw local0 debug 
  mode http
  server jenkins1 127.0.0.1:8080 check
  http-request replace-path /jenkins(/)?(.*) /\2
  http-request set-header X-Forwarded-Port %[dst_port]
  http-request add-header X-Forwarded-Proto https if { ssl_fc }
  http-request set-header X-Forwarded-Host %[req.hdr(Host)]

----

This assumes Jenkins is running locally on port 8080.

This assumes that you are using the http://localhost/jenkins[/jenkins] context path for both the
site exposed from HAProxy, and Jenkins itself.

> If this is not the case, you will need to adjust the configuration. Read HAProxy documentation on Traffic Routing by https://www.haproxy.com/documentation/hapee/latest/traffic-routing/[clicking here] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is not the case, you will need to adjust the configuration.
Refer to the HAProxy documentation on link:https://www.haproxy.com/documentation/hapee/latest/traffic-routing/[Traffic Routing] for more information.
```
Small suggestion to place each sentence on its own line, update link for some syntax and suggestion on format.
